Hello, and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to get started with using Knox Asset Intelligence.
Let's begin.
Knox Asset Intelligence is a cloud-based data analytics solution
that turns your fleet’s daily device-usage information into actionable business insights.
Before you can use Knox Asset Intelligence, you'll need the following:
You must have a Samsung Knox account.
If you do not have one, please go to Samsungknox.com
and click GET STARTED to create an account before proceeding with this video.
You’ll need Samsung devices running a supported Knox version.
Depending on your device model, this version may differ.
To see which devices are supported, as well as their required Knox versions,
go to Samsungknox.com,
then select Solutions > Knox devices.
On the next page, select Knox Asset Intelligence to view the list of supported devices.
Please note that certain device models are only partially-supported,
meaning that they don’t work with all Knox Asset Intelligence features.
For a list of partially-supported devices and what features they support or don’t support,
please refer to our Knox Asset Intelligence documentation.
You’ll also need a valid Knox Suite license.
To learn more about the Knox Suite license,
please review our video on getting started with Knox Suite.
To use Knox Asset Intelligence, you’ll need devices uploaded to your console.
There are several ways to get devices uploaded to your console:
through a Samsung approved reseller,
or by manually uploading them with a CSV file.
To upload devices into Knox Asset Intelligence through a reseller,
you’ll first need to obtain your reseller’s Knox Reseller ID.
Once you have that, go to the Resellers page, then click REGISTER RESELLER.
On the next page, enter the Reseller ID and click LOOK UP, then click REGISTER.
Once you’ve registered the reseller, provide them with your Knox Customer ID
so they can upload devices directly to your account.
You can find your Customer ID on the Reseller page.
To manage reseller preferences, click the reseller name.
Here you can select whether you want to auto-approve all devices uploaded by this reseller,
and whether you want to automatically enroll all devices uploaded by this reseller
when devices are turned on for the first time.
Once the reseller uploads your devices, they’ll appear on the Devices page.
Click the UPLOADS tab to view the upload details.
If you previously set your reseller preferences to auto approve all devices,
the devices will show up on the main tab with a Not enrolled status.
If you want to upload devices to the Knox Asset Intelligence service without a reseller,
you can do so by using a CSV file.
Simply prepare a CSV file containing your device IMEI numbers,
then head to the Device page,
click ACTIONS, then Upload devices.
Locate your CSV file and click SUBMIT.
If the upload was successful, the devices will appear in the main tab with a Not enrolled status.
After devices are uploaded to your console, you’ll need to ensure that they are communicating with the server.
For this to happen, devices need to be enrolled into the Knox Asset Intelligence service.
There are two ways to enroll devices:
The first way is to have devices automatically enroll after they get uploaded by a reseller.
As previously mentioned, to enroll with this method,
go to the Resellers page, select the reseller's name,
then enable the auto-enrollment option.
When a new or factory-reset device is turned on for the first time,
and the user goes through its initial setup,
the Knox Asset Intelligence agent will install,
and the device will automatically enroll into Knox Asset Intelligence.
The second way is to install the Knox Asset Intelligence agent as a managed
application using an EMM.
After devices are enrolled into the Knox Asset Intelligence service,
they will show as Active status in the Devices page.
Now that your devices are enrolled, you can start using the Asset Intelligence Dashboard,
Here is where you’ll find at-a-glance views of your device fleet’s health and performance,
organized into easy-to-use tiles.
By default, the main dashboard displays all of your insights together in one consolidated view.
In the navigation pane, several sub-dashboards are also available.
These sub-dashboards provide the same business insights as the main dashboard,
but grouped into different insight categories like Apps, Battery, and Network,
to help you analyze data more quickly and efficiently.
While the Dashboard is ready to use without any additional setup, some features are not enabled by default.
Let’s take a look at some of the key Dashboard settings so that we can get the most out of our fleet’s data.
To configure your dashboard settings, go to the Dashboard page, then click the Settings button.
The DATA CONDITIONS tab allows you to define when and how data gets collected,
and what type of data gets collected by the Knox Asset Intelligence service.
By default, Knox Asset Intelligence collects data at all times (if data is available).
However, if you want to only collect data at certain times or under certain conditions,
then you can enable the Work shift configuration option.
For example, if you want to only collect device-usage data from 9-6 PM on weekdays,
or only collect data when devices are connected to ca ertain Wi-Fi access point
or using certain applications, then you can enable one of these options here.
The Data upload section lets you specify what type of data gets collected,
and (for some insights) how often data gets collected.
Use the toggle button to enable or disable data collection for that particular insight,
or use the checkboxes to select the type of insight data you want to collect.
In the CUSTOMIZE tab, you can define which insights appear on your main dashboard.
Simply pick the insights you want to add or remove from the main dashboard.
Note that some insights like Device statuses and Today’s issues cannot be removed from the main dashboard.
In the THRESHOLDS tab, you can define the conditions in which alerts are triggered.
For example, if you are interested in knowing how much mobile network data your apps consume,
but are only concerned when your apps consume more than 10MB per day,
then you can set this Threshold value in the APP section.
In the NETWORK tab, you can decide whether you want to collect network usage data for all Wi-Fi access points,
or for only specific access points.
If your device-fleet frequently communicates with a server,
you can collect network latency data to analyze how long it takes for your devices to get a response from that server.
And finally, In the MANAGED APPS tab,
you can categorize apps as unmanaged or managed,
letting you easily filter out unwanted insights on the dashboard.
By default, all apps are considered unmanaged.
But if you specify certain applications as managed, you’ll be able to get insights for only those apps on the Dashboard.
Once you’re done configuring your Dashboard settings, click SAVE.
Now that we’ve configured our Dashboard, let’s take a quick tour of the Dashboard itself and explore some of its features.
The Device statuses tile is where you can see how many devices you have in the Knox Asset Intelligence console,
and how many of those devices are enrolled and actively reporting data to the server.
Next to the Device Statuses tile, the Today’s issues tile gives you a summary of the top issues in your fleet.
You can use this information to identify the problematic devices in your fleet
(for example, which devices had the most app crashes or Wi-Fi disconnections)
so that you can quickly troubleshoot and help reduce fleet downtime.
You can configure how your dashboard appears.
These two tiles are in a fixed position on the Dashboard.
However, for all other tiles, you can arrange them in any order by simply clicking and dragging them into position.
In the top ribbon, you’ll find the date selector. Use this to select the period for which you want to view data.
Note that some dashboard tiles are denoted with a Today indicator,
letting you know that data is only available for the current day, regardless of the reporting period selected.
Let’s look at how data is organized in the Dashboard.
Each business insight is presented in a main dashboard “Tile”.
You can think of the main tile as a quick summary of the insight.
For most tiles, you can get an Expanded view for that insight,
allowing you to analyze your fleet’s data in greater detail.
For example, the main tile view for Apps with highest battery consumption
summarizes the top 5 apps that have the highest battery consumption in your fleet.
But when you click the Expanded view button,
you’ll see battery consumption for all apps in the fleet, not just the top 5.
While Expanded view data differs for each insight,
most expanded-view pages generally follow a similar structure.
On most pages, you’ll see a chart summarizing the top issues, apps, or devices,
and a table displaying all available data for that insight.
Note that some insights (like Wi-Fi disconnection events)
summarize their top issues in a table instead of a chart.
On most expanded view pages, you can use the filter button to narrow your results,
customize the columns in the data table,
and download the data as a CSV file for further analysis.
For some insights, you can get an even deeper analysis of the data with a drill-down view.
You can access the Drill-down view for most insights by clicking any link in the Expanded view page’s data table.
For example, if we go back to the Expanded view for Apps with highest battery consumption,
you’ll see that you can drill down further by clicking any value in the APP column in the data table.
If we click Knox Service Plugin in our example, we’ll see a drill-down view of this application,
Just like with the expanded view page, most drill-down pages
allow you to also download the drill-down data in a CSV file for further analysis.
Note that for most insights, you can also access the drill-down view from the insight’s main tile.
This is a quick way of seeing the drill-down information for an insight’s top issues.
without going to the Expanded view.
This wraps up our beginner walkthrough of Knox Asset Intelligence.
You should now be ready to upload and enroll devices,
and begin using the Dashboard to start viewing your fleet’s health and status information.
For additional help at any time, please visit our Knox Asset Intelligence documentation at
docs.samsungknox.com. Thanks for watching!